📝 adjust click collection documentation (#28101)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/tracking_user_actions.md

## Track user interactions

> The RUM Browser SDK automatically tracks clicks to generate click actions. In general, one click action represents one user click, except when the same element is clicked multiple times in a row, which is considered a single action (for more information, see [Frustration Signals "rage clicks"][7]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RUM Browser SDK automatically tracks clicks to generate click actions. A one-click action generally represents one user click, except when the same element is clicked multiple times in a row, which is considered a single action (see [Frustration Signals "rage clicks"][7]).
```
